README.md, before:


<p align="center">
    <img alt="TimerX Logo" src="./assets/logo_new.png" width="100px" />
    <h1 align="center">TimerX</h1>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a style="text-decoration:none" href="https://github.com/Futura-Py/TimerX/releases">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/Futura-Py/TimerX.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Releases" width="117px" />
    </a>
    <a style="text-decoration:none" href="https://python.org">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54" alt="Python" />
    </a>
    <a style="text-decoration:none" href="https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/Futura-Py/TimerX">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/gitpod-f06611.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitpod&logoColor=white" alt="Gitpod" />
    </a>
    <a style="text-decoration:none" href="https://www.netlify.com">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7" alt="Netlify" />
    </a>
    <a style="text-decoration:none" href="https://github.com/Futura-Py/TimerX/actions">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/githubactions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white" alt="Actions" />
    </a>
    <a style="text-decoration:none" href="https://repl.it">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Repl.it-%230D101E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=replit&logoColor=white" alt="Repl.it" />
</p>

### A simple, lightweight, & beautiful timer app built in Python and tkinter.ttk using rdbende's [Sun Valley TTk Theme](https://github.com/rdbende/Sun-Valley-TTk-Theme)

![img](https://github.com/Futura-Py/TimerX/blob/master/assets/readme/Screenshot.png?raw=true)

> Believe it or not, this is made 100% in Python🐍

# ⚠️ The compiling system needs to be rewritten. The builds probably wont work and this will probably wont be done (see below).

# 👋🏽 This app is no longer in development, cuz its kinda complete and there's not much to do anymore. All of the devs have moved on to other things... Check out [FluXCalc](https://github.com/Futura-Py/FluxCalc) and [txt2](https://github.com/not-nef/txt2)


***

# 🌏Deployed with [Netlify](netlify.app)
    
# 😎 Join our Discord over [here](https://discord.gg/TCmtVGwufB)

# 🎯TODO
See our [roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/Futura-Py/projects/1)!

# 💻Supported Platforms

- ✔️ Windows: Tested on Windows 7,10, and 11
- ❔Linux: Tested on Debian-based systems(Raspbian<!-- and ZorinOS-->). Also tested on Ubuntu 21.10. Not tested on Red Hat-based systems(Help Wanted)
- ❌ MacOS: GitHub Actions build succeeds, but fails to work upon install. **Help wanted to debug.**

# 📜Contributing

Read the [contributing document](/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) for instructions!

Commit message:

docs(README): ajoute les commandes pour installer et lancer le timer

README.md, after:


<p align="center">
    <img alt="TimerX Logo" src="./assets/logo_new.png" width="100px" />
    <h1 align="center">TimerX</h1>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a style="text-decoration:none" href="https://github.com/Futura-Py/TimerX/releases">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/Futura-Py/TimerX.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Releases" width="117px" />
    </a>
    <a style="text-decoration:none" href="https://python.org">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54" alt="Python" />
    </a>
    <a style="text-decoration:none" href="https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/Futura-Py/TimerX">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/gitpod-f06611.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gitpod&logoColor=white" alt="Gitpod" />
    </a>
    <a style="text-decoration:none" href="https://www.netlify.com">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7" alt="Netlify" />
    </a>
    <a style="text-decoration:none" href="https://github.com/Futura-Py/TimerX/actions">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/githubactions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white" alt="Actions" />
    </a>
    <a style="text-decoration:none" href="https://repl.it">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Repl.it-%230D101E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=replit&logoColor=white" alt="Repl.it" />
</p>

### A simple, lightweight, & beautiful timer app built in Python and tkinter.ttk using rdbende's [Sun Valley TTk Theme](https://github.com/rdbende/Sun-Valley-TTk-Theme)

![img](https://github.com/Futura-Py/TimerX/blob/master/assets/readme/Screenshot.png?raw=true)

> Believe it or not, this is made 100% in Python🐍

# Installation and running
For installing your local environment with pipenv:
```shell
pipenv install --dev
```

for running the timer:
```shell
pipenv run python3 main.py
```


# ⚠️ The compiling system needs to be rewritten. The builds probably wont work and this will probably wont be done (see below).

# 👋🏽 This app is no longer in development, cuz its kinda complete and there's not much to do anymore. All of the devs have moved on to other things... Check out [FluXCalc](https://github.com/Futura-Py/FluxCalc) and [txt2](https://github.com/not-nef/txt2)


***

# 🌏Deployed with [Netlify](netlify.app)
    
# 😎 Join our Discord over [here](https://discord.gg/TCmtVGwufB)

# 🎯TODO
See our [roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/Futura-Py/projects/1)!

# 💻Supported Platforms

- ✔️ Windows: Tested on Windows 7,10, and 11
- ❔Linux: Tested on Debian-based systems(Raspbian<!-- and ZorinOS-->). Also tested on Ubuntu 21.10. Not tested on Red Hat-based systems(Help Wanted)
- ❌ MacOS: GitHub Actions build succeeds, but fails to work upon install. **Help wanted to debug.**

# 📜Contributing

Read the [contributing document](/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) for instructions!
